[DOCS-244] Platform Deep Dive book with the Reports section (#164)
cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs: content/en/Platform Deep Dive/Pentests/Reports/_index.md

---
title: "Pentest Reports"
linkTitle: "Reports"
weight: 10
description: >
  Get a summary of vulnarabilities in your software.
---

{{% pageinfo %}}
Download a pentest report to view security issues that our pentesters found.
{{% /pageinfo %}}

> If you want a pentest report, you generally must set up a test of at least eight (8) credits. If you’ve set up a pentest with fewer credits, you’ll still have access to the non-report items listed in Pentest Expectations.

Reviewer: We have a shortcode with numbers of credits in `/layouts/shortcodes/min-credits-report.md`. Maybe:

```suggestion
{{% min-credits-report %}}. If you’ve set up a pentest with fewer credits, you’ll still have access to the non-report items listed in Pentest Expectations.
```

We do not create multiple pentest reports for large [assets](../../../getting-started/assets/). For example, if you want separate pentest reports for different APIs, set up different pentests for each API.

> ## Pentest Report Types

Reviewer: Praise: good decision to move this content.
